Here's what you need for prep:

- Carne Asada Meat (you can usually buy it pre-marinated at your local grocery store)
     OR substitute Chicken Breast or other meat of your choice. 
     Note: there are SO MANY great taco marinades for different meats if you just
     search Google. We live in a wonderful time. :)

- Tortillas (I prefer soft corn tortillas because they are cheap and taste good,
	but you might want to go crazy and fry them or buy crunchy or even flour)

- Essential (in my opinion) Toppings:
	- Onions
	- Cilantro 
	- Fresh Limes to squeeze

- Other Toppings you may want to consider:
	- Tomatoes or even Pico De Gallo (cut your own or buy pre-made)
	- Lettuce or Cabbage
	- Hot Peppers (depending on your mood and ability to suffer,
		serranos, jalapenos, or habaneros work great!)

- Your favorite hot sauce (I like La Victoria HOT Taco Sauce or one I've
	slaved over — again, Google is your friend.)


These steps can be done in any order, but basically you want to have cooked taco meat
chopped into squares that can be mixed in a tortilla with onions, cilantro, lime, and/or
whatever toppings you choose. Here is what I recommend:

Step Zero: If you cannot find pre-marinated taco meat, seriously go on Google and find any
random "tacqueria taco" recipe. I have yet to find one I do not like. But you will develop
your own preference with time. Some prefer complicated, some prefer simple, some like spicy,
some are wussies, etc. Marinate the meat and place in a plastic bag that will ideally sit in 
the refrigerator overnight, but honestly, 30 minutes to an hour usually does the trick.

First, warm up your barbecue grill (preferred because of taste and health reasons) or your
oven's broiler (use a broiler pan to catch the oil if you want to be relatively healthy).
Some have a setting for High, so pick that. I've tried multiple different temperatures
from 350 to 400+ degrees. The important thing is that you watch the chicken and don't let
it burn.

For carne asada, it really depends on your preference. I like the inside really rare, so
if I say buy really thin flap meat from the store, I usually put the fire on high and
barely cook both sides. If you let it cook too long, it will start to turn rubbery. 
Don't screw this up. Err on the side of rare, seriously.

Chicken is a different animal (literally). I just watch it and keep 
turning it every few minutes. You can't afford to let the chicken stay raw unless you want to 
die of salmonella or some crap. It's your life. But it also varies depending on the chicken's 
thickness and the temperature of your grill (and if your grill is like mine, some parts of it
are hotter than others for some reason). When you think it's cooked, take one specimen and
cut it with a knife to see if it cooked all the way through. If it didn't, don't freak out,
just throw it back on the grill. You are going to chop the meat into itty bitty pieces when
it's done anyways.

By this time it's cooked, I usually bring the meat in and let it sit for awhile to let it
cool down. I use this time to chop up the onions and cilantro and limes. If I want to get
all cray, I make a pico de gallo recipe or throw in some roasted peppers (you can look
these up on Google to your heart's content as well). If you want to be a lazy ass, lettuce
or cabbage works pretty well on the meat by itself, especially if you like to dump hot 
sauce on it.

Whether you cut the toppings first or last doesn't really matter. You are about to smile
immensely when those tacos hit your face. You're welcome.

Another thing you can do while the meat is cooling is heat the tortillas. Sometimes I
feel like shortening my lifespan and I fry them in oil. Most of the time, I just turn on
my stove's burners (I hope you have gas or else you might want to use a pan) and
throw the tortillas on there and cook them on both sides. I prefer honestly to cook them
on the stove two at a time as I am eating, but if you are cooking for more than just one,
it would help to cook a lot of tortillas and keep them warm in a towel or a tortillas
container thingy (if you own one).

Once the meat stops burning your hands (or if you are some type of crazy, masochistic
Shaolin monk who likes pain), go ahead and chop the meat into little squares. I don't
know how small. Figure it out dood. Taco making is an art. Okay, one centimeter is a
pretty decent estimate for all you nerds out there.

Once you have all the ingredients (chopped meat, toppings, hot sauce) ready, place them 
in your tortillas and feast.

You're welcome.

